Playdate
Shop
Games
Dev
Education
Help
Sign In

It's a new, tiny handheld game system with a bunch of brand-new games. We made Playdate just for fun.

Playdate®
Shop Now!!
The System.

Playdate is familiar, but unlike anything you've ever seen. It has a very special black and white screen – not backlit, but super reflective – that looks way more amazing than you're probably imagining.

It also has a peppy little processor, Wi-Fi, and a surprisingly loud loudspeaker. And when you're not using it, the screen doesn't turn off – it becomes a very nice low-power clock!

The Design.

Thanks to our friends at Teenage Engineering, Playdate looks incredible. It's colorful. It fits in your pocket. And we worked hard to make sure buttons feel perfectly clicky and that the crank action is silky smooth.

The Crank.

Yes, the crank. Is it a gimmick? Nah. Does it charge Playdate's battery? Nope. Is it really fun? Yes yes yes. It's an analog controller that flips out from the side, allowing you to precisely dial in the action. Not every game uses it, but some really do, like Crankin's Time Travel Adventure, below.

The Season.

Here's the truly unique bit. Playdate isn't just an empty system. Once you set up your Playdate, you'll start to receive two brand new games... every week. For 12 weeks.

That's 24 free games, in lots of genres. Some are short. Some are long. Will you love them all? Probably not. Will you have a great time trying them? Absolutely.

Wait! No spoilers, please!
Casual Birder
Diego Garcia, Music by Maxo
Crankin's Time Travel Adventure
uvula
Keita Takahashi & Ryan Mohler, Shaun Inman, Matthew Grimm
Demon Quest '85
Lawrence Bishop, Alex Ashby, Duncan Fyfe
Echoic Memory
Samantha Kalman, Everest Pipkin, Carol Mertz, Rachelle Viola
Executive Golf DX
davemakes
Flipper Lifter
Serenity Forge
Forrest Byrnes: Up In Smoke
Christina "castpixel" Neofotistou, Nels Anderson
HYPER METEOR
VERTEX POP
Lost Your Marbles
Sweet Baby Inc.
and Friends
Omaze
Gregory Kogos
Pick Pack Pup
Nic Magnier, Arthur Hamer, Music by Logan Gabriel
Questy Chess
Dadako
The Racheteer
Shaun Inman, Matthew Grimm, Charlie Davis
Sasquatchers
Chuck Jordan,
Music and sound by Jared Emerson-Johnson
Saturday Edition
Chris Makris,
Sound by A Shell In The Pit
Snak
Zach Gage
Spellcorked
Jada Gibbs, Nick Splendorr, Ryan Splendorr, Tony Ghostbrite, A Shell in the Pit (Em Halberstadt)
Whitewater Wipeout
Chuhai Labs
Zipper
Bennett Foddy
Boogie Loops
May-Li Khoe, Andy Matuschak, Andres Velasquez
Battleship Godios
TPM.CO SOFT WORKS
b360
Panic
Inventory Hero
Panic
Star Sled
Panic

Learn more about the Season One games!

Catalog

The fun continues with awesome new Playdate games made by developers around the world. You can install our favorites with Catalog, a little game store right on your Playdate.

 Grab some games!
Playdate Catalog
Your games?

You can also make your own Playdate games. Our SDK is free to download, no special hardware required. And with the Pulp game maker, all you need is a web browser. Plus, sideloading games onto the Playdate is easy.

 Playdate Developer Site
Big Screen Optional.

If you ever want to play Playdate games on another screen, we've got that covered with the Playdate Mirror app. It's a desktop app that streams gameplay in real-time from your Playdate to a macOS, Windows, or Linux computer. Handy for recording your playthrough or using alternative game controllers.

 Playdate Mirror
Playdate for Education
Playdate's simplicity and scope make it perfect for teaching programming and game design.
With Playdate, students create real, playable games on a device they can hold in their hands. Students can code on their computers, test out the game on a Playdate, then go back to fine-tune. It’s experiential, project-based, learning-by-doing at its very best.

Qualified education customers receive a 15% discount on all Playdate hardware and accessories!

 Learn More
All for just $229.

Includes the full Season One of games – 24 original Playdate games, delivered weekly, at no extra charge.

Does not include shipping. But you do get a very nice yellow USB-C to USB-A cable.

Visit our Shop.
AND
Playdate Cover

A cute, clean way to protect your Playdate. The Playdate Cover aligns with Playdate's screws and secures itself magnetically. Plus, when folded, it looks like a delicious electronic ice cream sandwich. Check it out!

Order now for $34.
The Specs.
Battery
14 days standby clock
8 hours active
CPU
168 MHz Cortex M7
SDK supports Lua, C
Storage
16 MB RAM
8 KB L1 Cache
4 GB Flash
Size
76 × 74 × 9 mm
See it for yourself
Included
Playdate
USB-C to A Cable
User Guide
Wireless
802.11bgn 2.4GHz Wi-Fi
Sound
Built-In Mono Speaker
Stereo Headphone Jack
Condenser Mic + TRRS Mic In
Display
400 × 240 1-bit
Inputs
D-Pad
A + B
Sleep + Menu
3-Axis Accelerometer
Crank
Cost
$229
Plus Taxes & Shipping
The Idea.
"If we made hardware, and built a tiny little game system that came with lots of surprise games, would that make people happy?"
Who Made It?

Playdate was created by Panic. Since 1999, Panic makes Mac software, and publishes video games like Firewatch, Untitled Goose Game, and Nour: Play With Your Food. Learn more about it from the first episode of the Playdate Podcast!

View Playdate Credits
Stay in Touch!

Sign up to get Playdate news. Only the important stuff.

Email Address
Notify Me!
Need Help?

We're here. Head on over and we'll get you sorted.

 Help / Contact / FAQ
Mastodon
© Panic
Playdate is a registered trademark of Panic
1140 SW Washington St Suite 300 Portland OR 97205
EU Responsible Party
Playdate
Games
News
Podcast
Developer
Pulp
Education
Mirror app
Help
Press
Privacy
Follow us
Catalog Terms of Service
Refund Policy
Sign In
Sign Up